WHAT DOES IT guys and will come Aksenov in this video are you going to be working with our section OK.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to open up about in the in another section okay and let's basically assign that section
to be the global section so that we can have that here as well.
OK.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to enable the visual builder I'll pay and I want to make this section
basically the section that can be added anywhere.
So I basically want to save this section so I'm going to come here.
And here let this be loaded.
And here we can see this is the section right here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit this guy right here.
That's a safe section to library.
I'm going to add the template name so I'm going to add the template name is going to be Shorey Short's
header.
OK.
And then here you can add a category as well and as I know that I'm going to hit save the library and
you can see this is being saved to Malapi.
So there we go.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to close this because I don't want it any more.
I'm going to come here to enable the visual Belaire.
And then here I want to call that from there to here so that it can be my head right here.
So let this page be loaded and here you can see this has been loaded.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit this guy right here.
I'm going to come here in ad from ad from library and again see this should be right here.
You can see this is coming right here.
I'm going to hit shards subheads.
And you can see this is right here and it's going to come here and I'm going to delete it and I'm going
to change this to be sorry.
Skim here.
And let's change this to be.
Contact us.
And there we go.
What I'm going to do right now I want to come in here and I want to add a new section here and that
is going to be a regular.
So here we two sections right here to call them so here would be find us in here would be call us and
here would be have a coffee with us.
So this is going to be the section I'm going to click here and again see two sections has been added.
So first is going to be the text right here.
And you can see text will be here.
I'm going to add a heading so let's add one in each one should be close to here.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to add.
Find us.
OK.
And here seem like this.
I'm just going to come here to the design and I want to go to the text right here.
I want to make it.
This is the dark.
I want to increase the size of first.
OK.
Let's go to here.
Let's go to the heading tax increase the size of fit
coal.
OK.
And then here I I'm just going to add the divider right below.
So I'm going to go I'm here I'm going to click here in here should be the divider.
Let's spring it.
Click show the writer.
Let's go to the design.
Let's click color let's like the colors to be golden and let's go down to the sizing.
Let's increase it to be three pixel.
OK.
And the way it should be like this OK.
And I want to go to the spacing and I want to decrease it to minus 15 25 25 looks.
OK.
Now what I wanted to do I want to just come here and I want to get it and you can see this is supplicated.
I want to duplicate this as well.
So I want to Krabbe this section right here.
Let's describe it and let's try it here and let's grab it and drop it right here.
OK.
And
so we're going to change this
enter your details.
To get a call
or
get a call
course.
OK what I want to do I want to select this guy ready here I want to change the color to be this I want
to change this guy right here and I want to change the color to be this
OK.
So what I want below re here I want to add a text here and add a text right below here and then we're
going to add some stuff.
So let's click here let's just click here and we need to add some here.
So I'm going to add that text right below and the text is going to be the Lorem So
ok cool.
I want to make it here.
I NEED THIS TO PRINT IT top.
So here we go.
This is how it is looking.
OK.
Want to come here to discovery here.
And I want to decrease the height of this a bit.
So I want to go to the saying let's decrease the height
cost.
OK.
Now what I have to do I need to add a form re below so that the person can enter his information and
then get a call from us.
And also I want to add some stuff here so that the person can
just enter his information and there's the person then we can basically enter our address enter a phone
number and enter our e-mail address.
That person can contact us with the e-mail and stuff.
So in the next video we'll be doing that so stadium guys and by.